Update Set-SPWebApplication.md (#180)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-server-ps/sharepoint-server/Set-SPWebApplication.md

For any settings that are zone-specific (for the Zone parameter set), the zone to configure must be provided.
The provided zone must already exist.

> All IIS binding settings should be respecified when updating the binding of an IIS web site via the Set-SPWebApplication cmdlet. This includes the URL, secure sockets layer setting, the port number, the host header, and the certificate. If a binding setting isn't respecified, it will revert to its default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All IIS binding settings should be respecified when updating the binding of an IIS website via the Set-SPWebApplication cmdlet. This includes the URL, secure sockets layer setting, the port number, the host header, and the certificate. If a binding setting isn't respecified, it will revert to its default value.
```
